hello everyone Jordan cly got here and
as you can see I have the extreme Mac
tough rap shift case here to review for
you today this is the blue and white
version and the unique thing about this
case is it changes colors as you can see
on the side here color-changing case
this is the packaging here's the case
itself we're going to go ahead and set
that to the side pretty basic packaging
comes in right there I did find it a
little difficult to open once I got past
here it was kind of attached right there
and I didn't know how to get it out so I
just went ahead and yanked at it and
ripped it open but not a problem still
works like i said here's the case on the
inside it's a very soft silicone type
rubbery feeling extremely soft not
sticky at all on the outside here you
can see it is a glossy finish so it
slides in and out of your pockets
perfectly and it's not horrible with
fingerprints it definitely shows some
but it's not bad and what I really love
is the scratches as you can see there's
no major scratches on here there's a few
small ones but nothing compared to other
cases we've seen like the candy shell so
I'm going to go ahead and show you how
to put this on and then show you exactly
what i mean by color changing so
basically i have my iphone 4s here we're
just going to go ahead and kinda slide
it in and just work it on pretty basic
it does pop up your screen protector a
little bit depending how close it is to
the edge and depending on how big your
screen protector is i guess but it's not
horrible it doesn't do it in all spots
I've just noticed it down here where
mine was already popped up a little bit
but there you can see there it does have
a little lip if you want to set it down
on the table like that on the back here
a nice wide cut out for your camera on
the top great cut out for headphones
you're holdin lock button here is
covered it is the only thing that's
covered and it's a little tricky to push
up first you definitely have to get used
to it but after a little while it's no
problem you get used to it taking a look
at the bottom here as you can
cutouts for everything you need there
and one large cutout here on the side
for everything alright one thing I did
notice cosmetically that I wasn't a huge
fan was this line that ran around it
from just the molding process it's not a
huge issue at all and it didn't bother
me at all it's just something I wanted
to point out if you're really picky and
OCD about your cases it could irritate
you didn't bother me but as you can see
here just holding it it started to
change colors from the heat of my hand
let me go ahead and hold it like that
for a minute it's a little warm in here
so we should see yep right away as you
can see it left the imprint of my hand
right there and after about a minute or
so it'll cool down and go back to the
darker shade so that's what makes this
case so unique it's changing colors and
one second you put it in your pocket
dark blue and you pull it out and it's
light blue and a lot of people think
that's really cool they see your case
different colors and it definitely
attracts a lot of the tension so taking
this case off I just kind of worked
around the bottom here worked around
this corner here and just kind of worked
it off nothing to be worried about
you're not going to hurt it there we go
so the phone down here's the case like I
said everything seems pretty strong I
did drop my phone a couple times whoops
bump the camera drop my phone a couple
times and it was a okay I wasn't worried
is a little kind of shock absorbent I'm
not that worried and it's got a good
thickness where it doesn't add too much
bulk to the phone but it's enough to
protect it perfectly this case is about
twenty nine dollars plus shipping
depending where you buy it from and I
definitely highly recommend it it comes
in multiple colors and they change into
different colors so be sure to take a
look thanks for watching and stay tuned
for more